README.md, before:

# Cloud Resume Project

## Project Overview
This project implements a cloud-based resume website with a sophisticated content management system and visitor counter. It combines local management tools with Azure cloud services to create a professional, maintainable portfolio website.

## Current Progress
### Completed Features
1. **Content Management System**
   - Created unified management script (`manage_resume.py`)
   - Role management system (`update_roles.py`)
   - Project management system (`update_projects.py`)
   - JSON-based data storage
   - Interactive CLI interfaces
   - Admin authentication system
   - Virtual environment support

2. **Website Content and Structure**
   - Comprehensive professional summary
   - Detailed work history with categorized views
   - Publications section with proper academic citations
   - Presentations section with video links and PDF support
   - Press mentions section
   - Professional social media integration
   - Responsive navigation system
   - Modern, clean UI design

3. **File Structure**
```
cloud-resume-azure/
├── frontend/
│   ├── admin/
│   │   ├── manage_resume.py     # Main management interface
│   │   ├── update_roles.py      # Role management system
│   │   └── update_projects.py   # Project management system
│   ├── assets/
│   │   └── presentations/       # Storage for presentation PDFs
│   ├── data/
│   │   ├── roles.json           # Role data storage
│   │   └── projects.json        # Project data storage
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── work-toggle.js       # Public interface JavaScript
│   ├── index_template.html      # Template for generation
│   └── index.html              # Generated website
├── venv/                       # Python virtual environment
└── requirements.txt            # Python dependencies
```

### Recent Updates
1. **Publications Section**
   - Added academic publications with proper citations
   - Corrected author orders and formatting
   - Added links to original sources

2. **Presentations Section**
   - Added presentation entries with video links
   - Created structure for PDF slide decks
   - Added assets directory for presentation materials

3. **Press Mentions**
   - Added press coverage from various sources
   - Chronological organization
   - Links to original articles

4. **Social Media Integration**
   - Added professional network links
   - Included profiles from:
     * Doximity
     * LinkedIn
     * X (Twitter)
     * YouTube

### Next Steps
1. **Content Updates**
   - Add presentation PDF slide decks to assets/presentations directory
   - Consider adding more presentations with corresponding materials
   - Continue adding press mentions as they become available

2. **Technical Implementation**
   - Complete Azure infrastructure setup
   - Implement visitor counter
   - Configure CI/CD pipeline
   - Add more roles and projects data

3. **Future Enhancements**
   - Consider adding a blog section
   - Implement dark/light mode toggle
   - Add print-friendly version
   - Enhance mobile responsiveness

## Setup Instructions

### Data Management Strategy
Currently, the resume data is hardcoded in `resume.js` due to local development constraints with JSON fetching. This is a temporary solution. The long-term plan involves:

1. **Current Implementation**
   - Resume data stored directly in `resume.js`
   - JSON files in `data/` directory (currently unused)
   - Updates require direct code changes

2. **Python Management Scripts Status**
   - Several Python scripts exist in `frontend/admin/`:
     * `manage_resume.py`: Main management interface
     * `update_roles.py`: Role management system
     * `update_projects.py`: Project management system
   - These scripts are currently inactive as they're designed to work with JSON files
   - Will be reactivated and updated once Azure infrastructure is in place

3. **Content Management Strategy**
   - Phase 1 (Current): 
     * Maintain minimal, essential content in `resume.js`
     * Hold off on adding extensive new content
     * Focus on Azure infrastructure setup
   
   - Phase 2 (Azure Implementation):
     * Move data to Azure Blob Storage
     * Update Python scripts for Azure integration
     * Implement admin interface
     * Begin adding comprehensive content through admin panel

4. **Planned Azure Implementation**
   - Move data to Azure Blob Storage
   - Implement Azure Functions API for data retrieval
   - Use Azure CDN for caching and performance
   - Enable admin panel for easy updates

5. **Migration Path**
   - Phase 1: Current hardcoded implementation
   - Phase 2: Azure Functions API + Blob Storage
   - Phase 3: Admin interface for content management
   - Phase 4: CI/CD pipeline for automated deployments

This staged approach ensures clean code management and prevents duplicate work during the transition to a full Azure implementation.

### Local Development Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [repository-url]
   cd cloud-resume-azure
   ```

2. Set up Python virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   venv\Scripts\activate  # On Windows
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Initialize the admin system:
   ```bash
   cd frontend/admin
   python manage_resume.py
   ```
   - Follow the prompts to set up your admin password
   - Use the management interface to add/edit roles and projects

### File Structure Details
- **index_template.html**: Base template for the resume website
- **index.html**: Generated website with actual content
- **roles.json**: Stores role information in categories (Administrative, Clinical, Academic)
- **manage_resume.py**: Main interface for content management

## Azure Infrastructure Setup

### Storage Account Configuration
- **Resource Group**: rg-cloud-resume
- **Storage Account**: sybertresume
- **Region**: East US 2 (chosen for better availability)
- **Performance Tier**: Standard
- **Redundancy**: Locally Redundant Storage (LRS)

### Security & Data Protection
- Public blob access enabled
- Soft delete enabled (7 days retention)
- Version control enabled
- TLS 1.2 enforced
- Microsoft-managed encryption keys

### Static Website Hosting
- Enabled with primary endpoint: https://sybertresume.z20.web.core.windows.net/
- Configured for index.html

### Infrastructure as Code
- ARM templates stored in `/infrastructure/storage/`
  - template.json: Main ARM template
  - parameters.json: Configuration parameters

### Next Steps
- [ ] Upload website files to $web container
- [ ] Configure custom domain
- [ ] Set up Azure Functions for visitor counter
- [ ] Implement CDN for better performance

## Architecture Overview

### 1. Local Management System
- **Role Management System**
  - Python-based content management
  - JSON data storage for role information
  - HTML template generation
  - Admin authentication
  - Features:
    * Add/remove/update roles
    * Generate formatted HTML
    * Maintain career history
    * Category-based organization (Clinical, Administrative, Academic)
    * Toggle between categorized and chronological views

### 2. Public Cloud Infrastructure
- **Frontend (Azure Static Website)**
  - Generated HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  - Professional portfolio display
  - Visitor counter integration
  - Hosted on Azure Blob Storage
  - Features:
    * CDN integration
    * Custom domain support
    * SSL/TLS encryption

- **Backend Services**
  - Azure Functions (Python-based)
    * Visitor counter endpoint
    * Simple API for public features
  - CosmosDB
    * Store visitor statistics
    * Basic analytics data

### 3. Workflow Architecture
```
Local Management:
Role Manager (Python) → roles.json → HTML Generation → Deploy to Azure
                                                          ↓
Public Access:                                    Azure Blob Storage
                                                          ↓
                                                    Visitor Views
                                                          ↓
                                                Azure Function Counter
```

## Technology Stack
- **Local Management**
  - Python 3.x
  - JSON for data storage
  - Template-based HTML generation
  - Virtual environment for dependency management

- **Frontend**
  - HTML5/CSS3
  - Modern JavaScript
  - Responsive design
  - Category/chronological view toggle

- **Cloud Services**
  - Azure Blob Storage
  - Azure Functions
  - Azure CosmosDB
  - Azure CDN (optional)

- **DevOps**
  - GitHub
  - GitHub Actions

## Resources
- [Azure Static Website Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-static-website)
- [Azure Functions Python](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python)
- [Azure CosmosDB](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/)

## Project Status
- ✅ Local management system implemented
- ✅ Role management system completed
- ✅ Admin authentication added
- ✅ Virtual environment setup
- ⏳ Azure infrastructure setup in progress
- ⏳ Visitor counter implementation pending
- ⏳ CI/CD pipeline configuration pending

Commit message:

docs: Added GoDaddy domain integration details to Next Steps

README.md, after:

# Cloud Resume Project

## Project Overview
This project implements a cloud-based resume website with a sophisticated content management system and visitor counter. It combines local management tools with Azure cloud services to create a professional, maintainable portfolio website.

## Current Progress
### Completed Features
1. **Content Management System**
   - Created unified management script (`manage_resume.py`)
   - Role management system (`update_roles.py`)
   - Project management system (`update_projects.py`)
   - JSON-based data storage
   - Interactive CLI interfaces
   - Admin authentication system
   - Virtual environment support

2. **Website Content and Structure**
   - Comprehensive professional summary
   - Detailed work history with categorized views
   - Publications section with proper academic citations
   - Presentations section with video links and PDF support
   - Press mentions section
   - Professional social media integration
   - Responsive navigation system
   - Modern, clean UI design

3. **File Structure**
```
cloud-resume-azure/
├── frontend/
│   ├── admin/
│   │   ├── manage_resume.py     # Main management interface
│   │   ├── update_roles.py      # Role management system
│   │   └── update_projects.py   # Project management system
│   ├── assets/
│   │   └── presentations/       # Storage for presentation PDFs
│   ├── data/
│   │   ├── roles.json           # Role data storage
│   │   └── projects.json        # Project data storage
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── work-toggle.js       # Public interface JavaScript
│   ├── index_template.html      # Template for generation
│   └── index.html              # Generated website
├── venv/                       # Python virtual environment
└── requirements.txt            # Python dependencies
```

### Recent Updates
1. **Publications Section**
   - Added academic publications with proper citations
   - Corrected author orders and formatting
   - Added links to original sources

2. **Presentations Section**
   - Added presentation entries with video links
   - Created structure for PDF slide decks
   - Added assets directory for presentation materials

3. **Press Mentions**
   - Added press coverage from various sources
   - Chronological organization
   - Links to original articles

4. **Social Media Integration**
   - Added professional network links
   - Included profiles from:
     * Doximity
     * LinkedIn
     * X (Twitter)
     * YouTube

### Next Steps
1. **Content Updates**
   - Add presentation PDF slide decks to assets/presentations directory
   - Consider adding more presentations with corresponding materials
   - Continue adding press mentions as they become available

2. **Technical Implementation**
   - Complete Azure infrastructure setup
   - Implement visitor counter
   - Configure CI/CD pipeline
   - Add more roles and projects data

3. **Future Enhancements**
   - Consider adding a blog section
   - Implement dark/light mode toggle
   - Add print-friendly version
   - Enhance mobile responsiveness

## Setup Instructions

### Data Management Strategy
Currently, the resume data is hardcoded in `resume.js` due to local development constraints with JSON fetching. This is a temporary solution. The long-term plan involves:

1. **Current Implementation**
   - Resume data stored directly in `resume.js`
   - JSON files in `data/` directory (currently unused)
   - Updates require direct code changes

2. **Python Management Scripts Status**
   - Several Python scripts exist in `frontend/admin/`:
     * `manage_resume.py`: Main management interface
     * `update_roles.py`: Role management system
     * `update_projects.py`: Project management system
   - These scripts are currently inactive as they're designed to work with JSON files
   - Will be reactivated and updated once Azure infrastructure is in place

3. **Content Management Strategy**
   - Phase 1 (Current): 
     * Maintain minimal, essential content in `resume.js`
     * Hold off on adding extensive new content
     * Focus on Azure infrastructure setup
   
   - Phase 2 (Azure Implementation):
     * Move data to Azure Blob Storage
     * Update Python scripts for Azure integration
     * Implement admin interface
     * Begin adding comprehensive content through admin panel

4. **Planned Azure Implementation**
   - Move data to Azure Blob Storage
   - Implement Azure Functions API for data retrieval
   - Use Azure CDN for caching and performance
   - Enable admin panel for easy updates

5. **Migration Path**
   - Phase 1: Current hardcoded implementation
   - Phase 2: Azure Functions API + Blob Storage
   - Phase 3: Admin interface for content management
   - Phase 4: CI/CD pipeline for automated deployments

This staged approach ensures clean code management and prevents duplicate work during the transition to a full Azure implementation.

### Local Development Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [repository-url]
   cd cloud-resume-azure
   ```

2. Set up Python virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   venv\Scripts\activate  # On Windows
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Initialize the admin system:
   ```bash
   cd frontend/admin
   python manage_resume.py
   ```
   - Follow the prompts to set up your admin password
   - Use the management interface to add/edit roles and projects

### File Structure Details
- **index_template.html**: Base template for the resume website
- **index.html**: Generated website with actual content
- **roles.json**: Stores role information in categories (Administrative, Clinical, Academic)
- **manage_resume.py**: Main interface for content management

## Azure Infrastructure Setup

### Storage Account Configuration
- **Resource Group**: rg-cloud-resume
- **Storage Account**: sybertresume
- **Region**: East US 2 (chosen for better availability)
- **Performance Tier**: Standard
- **Redundancy**: Locally Redundant Storage (LRS)

### Security & Data Protection
- Public blob access enabled
- Soft delete enabled (7 days retention)
- Version control enabled
- TLS 1.2 enforced
- Microsoft-managed encryption keys

### Static Website Hosting
- Enabled with primary endpoint: https://sybertresume.z20.web.core.windows.net/
- Configured for index.html

### Infrastructure as Code
- ARM templates stored in `/infrastructure/storage/`
  - template.json: Main ARM template
  - parameters.json: Configuration parameters

### Next Steps
- [ ] Upload website files to $web container
- [ ] Configure custom domain
  - Connect GoDaddy domain to Azure storage endpoint
  - Set up CNAME record in GoDaddy DNS
  - Configure SSL/TLS for secure HTTPS
  - Options for root domain or subdomain (e.g., resume.domain.com)
- [ ] Set up Azure Functions for visitor counter
- [ ] Implement CDN for better performance

## Architecture Overview

### 1. Local Management System
- **Role Management System**
  - Python-based content management
  - JSON data storage for role information
  - HTML template generation
  - Admin authentication
  - Features:
    * Add/remove/update roles
    * Generate formatted HTML
    * Maintain career history
    * Category-based organization (Clinical, Administrative, Academic)
    * Toggle between categorized and chronological views

### 2. Public Cloud Infrastructure
- **Frontend (Azure Static Website)**
  - Generated HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  - Professional portfolio display
  - Visitor counter integration
  - Hosted on Azure Blob Storage
  - Features:
    * CDN integration
    * Custom domain support
    * SSL/TLS encryption

- **Backend Services**
  - Azure Functions (Python-based)
    * Visitor counter endpoint
    * Simple API for public features
  - CosmosDB
    * Store visitor statistics
    * Basic analytics data

### 3. Workflow Architecture
```
Local Management:
Role Manager (Python) → roles.json → HTML Generation → Deploy to Azure
                                                          ↓
Public Access:                                    Azure Blob Storage
                                                          ↓
                                                    Visitor Views
                                                          ↓
                                                Azure Function Counter
```

## Technology Stack
- **Local Management**
  - Python 3.x
  - JSON for data storage
  - Template-based HTML generation
  - Virtual environment for dependency management

- **Frontend**
  - HTML5/CSS3
  - Modern JavaScript
  - Responsive design
  - Category/chronological view toggle

- **Cloud Services**
  - Azure Blob Storage
  - Azure Functions
  - Azure CosmosDB
  - Azure CDN (optional)

- **DevOps**
  - GitHub
  - GitHub Actions

## Resources
- [Azure Static Website Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-static-website)
- [Azure Functions Python](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python)
- [Azure CosmosDB](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/)

## Project Status
- ✅ Local management system implemented
- ✅ Role management system completed
- ✅ Admin authentication added
- ✅ Virtual environment setup
- ⏳ Azure infrastructure setup in progress
- ⏳ Visitor counter implementation pending
- ⏳ CI/CD pipeline configuration pending
